Add Important Note for valid CORS entries (#3075)
owncloud/docs: modules/user_manual/pages/personal_settings/security.adoc

By default, as in the screenshot above, no domains will be listed.
If you want to add one, or more, add them, one at a time, in the Domain text field, and click btn:[Add].

> You will then seem list listed, as in the screenshot below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will then see them listed, as in the screenshot below. 
```
